Add IsRunningSlowlyThreshold (#15)
Ultz/Silk.NET: documentation/proposals/Proposal - Windowing.md

    /// </summary>
    double FramesPerSecond { get; }

    /// <summary>
    /// The number of update operations to run per second. If 0, the update rate will be uncapped.
    /// Default is 0.
    /// </summary>
    double UpdatesPerSecond { get; }

    /// <summary>
    /// The graphics API to use, and associated configurations.
    /// Default is OpenGL 3.3 forward-compatable core profile.
    /// </summary>
    GraphicsAPI API { get; }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// The title of the window. Default is "Silk.NET Window".
    /// </summary>
    string Title { get; set; }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// The state of the window. Default is Normal.
    /// </summary>
    WindowState WindowState { get; set; }

    /// <summary>
    /// The type of border the window has. Default is Resizable.
    /// </summary>
    WindowBorder WindowBorder { get; set; }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// The vertical synchronization mode to use. Default is On.
    /// </summary>
    VSyncMode VSync { get; set; }
	
    /// <summary>
    /// The number of frames the window needs to be running slowly for before
    /// <see cref="IWindow.IsRunningSlowly"/> is set to true. Default is 5.
    /// </summary>

>     int IsRunningSlowlyThreshold { get; set; }

Reviewer: Change this property name to `SlowFrameTolerance`, or some other names along those lines (put them in the discord if you have suggestions!)

## Classes

- To easily get the proper `ISilkPlatform` for the current configuration, we add a new static class, `Silk`, which will automatically select an applicable platform.

```cs
/// <summary>
/// Provides methods and properties for configuring Silk.NET's Windowing system. In most cases, the end
/// user shouldn't use this class.
/// </summary>
public static Silk
{
    /// <summary>
    /// Gets or sets the current windowing platform.
    /// </summary>
    /// <exception cref="InvalidOperationException">
    /// Thrown if the set platform is not applicable.
    /// </exception>
    public static ISilkPlatform CurrentPlatform { get; set; }
    
    /// <summary>

>     /// Searches for Silk.NET platforms in the current AppDomain via reflection, and picks the first

Reviewer: We should change this doc as it doesn't actually do that now.
```suggestion
    /// Searches for references to official Silk.NET platforms, and picks the first applicable one for this environment.
```

    /// applicable one.
    /// </summary>
    /// <exception cref="NotSupportedException">
    /// Thrown if no applicable <see cref="ISilkPlatform" /> was found.
    /// </exception>

>     // Discussion Point: we could have an overload taking an AppDomain as a parameter, just in case

Reviewer: Remove this discussion point, it's moot now.
